# Installation

You can install this bundle in TextMate by opening the preferences and going to the bundles tab. After installation it will be automatically updated for you.

# Settings

If you have Java installed and TextMate does not find your JDK and shows the error message `No Java runtime present, requesting install`, you have to tell TextMate where to find the `java` and `javac` executables. Go to the *Preferences*, open the *Variables* section and add two entries using the `+` button: `TM_JAVA`, which points to your `java` executable and `TM_JAVAC`, which points to your `javac` executable. Example:

|   | Variable Name  | Value |
| - | -------------- | ----- |
|  :white_check_mark: | TM_JAVA  | /Users/*«yourname»*/jdk1.8.0/bin/java |
|  :white_check_mark: | TM_JAVAC | /Users/*«yourname»*/jdk1.8.0/bin/javac |

# General

* [Bundle Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/bundle_styleguide) — _before you make changes_
* [Commit Styleguide](http://kb.textmate.org/commit_styleguide) — _before you send a pull request_
* [Writing Bug Reports](http://kb.textmate.org/writing_bug_reports) — _before you report an issue_

# License

If not otherwise specified (see below), files in this repository fall under the following license:

	Permission to copy, use, modify, sell and distribute this
	software is granted. This software is provided "as is" without
	express or implied warranty, and with no claim as to its
	suitability for any purpose.

An exception is made for files in readable text which contain their own license information, or files where an accompanying file exists (in the same directory) with a “-license” suffix added to the base-name name of the original file, and an extension of txt, html, or similar. For example “tidy” is accompanied by “tidy-license.txt”.